[MUSIC]
In today's rapidly
evolving tech landscape,
artificial intelligence plays a key role
in making development more efficient and
intelligent, that's where
Microsoft Copilot comes in.
Microsoft Copilot is a powerful, AI-driven
tool that can assist developers in
writing, optimizing, and debugging code.
In this course, you'll leverage
Copilot as a thought partner and
a code generating assistant, helping you
solve problems, generate code snippets,
and enhance your projects.
The goal is to provide you with hands
on experience using a tool that real
world developers use to
improve their workflow.
In the last module of this course,
you'll engage in videos, screencasts,
guided labs, and independent
projects that integrate Copilot.
These labs will take you through how to
use specific prompts to generate code,
optimize solutions, and solve problems.
You`ll be shown step by step how to
leverage Copilot's capabilities to
strategically approach the final project.
During the guided labs, you'll get hands
on experience working with Copilot.
These labs are structured to show you
how to craft effective prompts and
work with Copilot's code
generation features.
You'll use it to assist in writing code,
refining your solutions, and debugging.
This practice will prepare you for
the independent work you'll
do in the final project.
After the videos,
screencasts, or guided labs,
you'll move on to independent
activities where you'll take control.
Here, you'll use Copilot to assist
with various aspects of the project.
You'll be making strategic decisions, but
Copilot will support you by generating
code, suggesting optimizations and
helping you troubleshoot.
This prepares you to work more
independently while still
having the power of AI to assist.
The final project will combine
everything you've learned in the course,
and you'll have Copilot as a key
tool in your development toolkit.
You'll use Copilot to
help you generate and
refine code as you combine
the concepts from earlier lessons.
The project is a portfolio ready artifact
showcasing your coding skills and
your ability to leverage AI in
modern development workflow flows.
To succeed in the final module,
actively engage with the guided labs and
practice using
Microsoft Copilot effectively.
The videos and
prompts will take you through Copilot and
equip you to apply it strategically and
independently.
By the end of the course, you'll be fully
prepared to complete the final project and
demonstrate your skills using traditional
coding and AI assisted workflows.
[MUSIC]